---
title: COVID Symptom Survey
has_children: true
nav_order: 2
---

# COVID Symptom Survey

Delphi conducts a voluntary COVID-19 symptom survey, distributed daily via a
partnership with Facebook. This survey asks respondents about COVID-like
symptoms, their behavior (such as social distancing), mental health, and
economic and health impacts they have experienced as a result of the pandemic. A
high-level overview of the survey is posted [on the COVIDcast
website](https://covidcast.cmu.edu/surveys.html).

Aggregate data from this survey is available through the [COVIDcast API](../api/covidcast.md)
as the [`fb-survey` data source](../api/covidcast-signals/fb-survey.md).

This documentation is for users who have a signed Data Use Agreement to receive
individual response data from the survey. It describes the survey items, data
coding, data distribution, and the survey weights computed by Facebook. If you
are a researcher and would like to get access to the data, see our page on
getting [data access](data-access.md).

If you have questions about the survey or getting access to data, contact us at
<delphi-survey-info@lists.andrew.cmu.edu>.

## Citing the Survey

Researchers who use the survey microdata for research are asked to credit and
cite the survey in publications based on the data. Specifically, we ask that
you:

1. Include the acknowledgment "This research is based on survey results from
   Carnegie Mellon Universityâ€™s Delphi Group."
2. Cite our publication describing the survey and its methods. This publication
   is currently in preparation, and we will update this page when it is
   available. Until it is available, we recommend you provide a link to this
   page.
3. Send a copy of your publication, once it appears publicly as a preprint or
   journal article, to <delphi-survey-info@lists.andrew.cmu.edu>.

Additionally, please note that the data use agreement requires that if you
disclose survey microdata, we must agree on the aggregation method that you will
use to ensure reported estimates to not identify or disclose any individual
identifiable information, including individual survey results. If you are unsure
whether a particular aggregation will prevent disclosure of individual survey
results, please email us at <delphi-survey-info@lists.andrew.cmu.edu>.
